# HackSC_Project

Project Name: Fin Friends - Revolutionize your financial friendship

We are a full scale web application that will help people across the world to find friends in the financial space, and to financially become more literate with those who seek financial accountability. We are here to provide a safe space for everyone who wants to learn about finance while navigating through different aspects of life such as college, buying a house, investing in retirement or stocks, and more. 

Our inspirations include the renowned social media platforms, however with our own personal twist that will target a huge population such as college students and/or people who are seeking financial literacy. We wanted to provide a safe space for users to improve their financial life as well as connect with others who are on the same boat or others who can teach them about finance in general. We built this idea as a web application to support the community and provide financial literacy. Some challenges we ran into were finding the incentive to lure in more users and presenting the content in a way that would engage every user. We’re proud of building something that we would use in our day to day lives; it could solve a crucial yet unaddressed issue among students. We learned the financial domain, understood the psychology of users, and implemented how to build a community with the tools and frameworks we have. We could scale this application to make it a real-time android/iOS app, and could reduce the disparity in financial literacy among people. 

This web application was built using the Angular, Node.js Express.js, and mySQL tech stack. 